---
id: melm9rr2ahgiwb4ybhd
title: Triple Threat
date: 2025-08-21
time: 21:59
tags: ["movie", "movie review"]
---

# Triple Threat

---
I ended up watching _Venom 3: The Last Dance_, _Kraven the Hunter_, and _Madame Web_ back to back. Venom was fine, but the other two, oh my god. I’d heard the talk about how bad they were when they first released, but seeing them myself was something else entirely. Some of them don’t even warrant full reviews, so here are three short ones instead.

---

**Venom: The Last Dance (2024)**  
It’s dumb, but it’s sweet and somehow that’s exactly why it works. Probably the only Sony Spider-Man villain to actually make it through a full trilogy, Venom goes out on a surprisingly fun and heartfelt note. The plot is decent, a little messy in places, but never boring. The dancing scene with Mrs. Chen? Adorable. And Eddie saying goodbye to Venom with _Memories_ by Maroon 5 playing in the background unintentionally hilarious, but still kind of touching. The Venom trilogy might and will be Sony’s best work: fun, ridiculous, but never dull. **10/10**

---

**Kraven the Hunter (2024)**  
Not even “fun bad,” just bad. Kraven feels like a Russian Tarzan knockoff, and not a good one. The twists are dumb, the characters are weak, and the whole thing drags on until you stop caring. Even cool-sounding characters like Chameleon, Foreigner, and Rhino are wasted and reduced to jokes. Completely forgettable. **1/10**

---

**Madame Web (2024)**  
I made the mistake of watching this right after _Kraven the Hunter_ and honestly, it made _Kraven_ look like a masterpiece in comparison. This isn’t just boring, it’s boring _and_ dumb. The plot is a mess, the dialogue is weak and action was so bad that a kid smashing action figures together would’ve looked better. You can’t help but wonder if this thing was made as a tax write-off. Worst of all, the cast deserved better they were probably told this was going to be the next big Marvel event, only for it to be the next big joke. **1/10**

---

Well, that was that. Six hours in total, and only two of them were actually fun. Skip _Kraven_ and _Madame Web_, just watch _Venom 3_